# assignment4_CS324e
Project Description

Narrative: This animation presents a scene within a space. It features two Planet objects each with their own orbiting Satellite objects. It also features randomly generated meteors with particle trails.

Planet.pde (Jaden Wood)
  Rather than creating a parent class and having Satellite extend Planet, I made Planet and Satellite separate classes. I then made Satellite a field within Planet. I ran into issues with the orbit of the Satellite around the Planet, and I found that making these objects fields of one another to be the easiest solution. The Planet class features two methods, display() and move(). move() both moves the object across the screen but also resets its position once off-screen.

Satellite.pde (Jaden Wood)
  Planet is a field within this object. This aids in determining the translational motion of the Satellite. The Satellite class features two methods, display() and orbit(). orbit() adjusts its angle relative to the Planet.

Meteor.pde (Nathan Feldt)
  This meteor class prints out a meteor that moves from right to left with random speed and direction (random angle of direction (still moves right to left)). The meteor class also has a dot class that randomly places dots across the meteor to show texture. Additionally the meteor is rotated every frame to further show movement. The meteor class also has a trail subclass that displays a fiery trail behind the meteor. To display this I decided that every frame, a new trail class is initialized and displays a dot (two dots for each wave function). cos and sin functions where used to make the trail look 'wavey'. Additionally every frame the classes size and alpha color value is decreased. This is done to make it look the trail is moving with the meteor. After the alpha value is equal to 0 the class is removed to save memory. Finally, each meteor class is removed once it is no longer shown on screen to save memory

Star.pde (Abraham Rodriguez)
  This star class will display any amount of stars that we feed into the canvas. These stars have a lot of variance that I will describe one by one. The direction in which they rotate is random for each star, either spinning clockwise or counterclockwise. Next, the color that they appear in is also randomly chosen from a list of colors that normal stars in the sky appear as. Lastly, the stars will grow and shrink to give a twinkling effect, this causees them to grow to a random size given from a list, and then shrink back to a hard scale of 0.25; then repeat the process indefinietly. 
